hi my name's Matt Fox I commissioned
this car to milk by Zedd cars is powered
by two yamaha r1 engines and produces
over 340 brake horsepower be afraid be
very very afraid
Matt Fox's twin engine mini may not be
the best looking of the cars we've seen
here today with a sticker running along
the top of the screen tells you all you
need to know this car has a theoretical
performance advantage over anything else
we've managed to assemble here today of
150 brake horsepower inside the cockpit
is a stark reality to what this car is
all about basic querque seats a curly
carbon - and motek instrument pod set
the tone or works the utterly out of
this world
twin gear shift that makes the heavy
weight statement
this is what you really wanted to see to
yamaha r1 engines sat alongside each
other and driving the we're wheels bars
ed cars unique drive box this is
extraordinary box of tricks that allows
both engines to run completely separate
of each other yet meshed into one power
output to drive the rear wheels are now
going to start the two engines so on
here
remind me what's the score here first is
forward one forward second to sit back
okay to gear leaders so yeah yeah yeah
this cars gonna be really quick you just
see it already
all Lifting inside front wheel if you
watch it every time he goes through a
fast corner touch right up why I can't
believe that sound isn't carefully to
those two engines you can almost hear
that they're running independently of
each other this isn't a v8 where
everything's in sync there's almost a
slightly schizophrenic nature about this
power plant
okay knows this car accelerates on the
mainstream I want you to watch how bill
changes
get this to gear 6 there so it's pulling
on both at the same time if you didn't
do that you'd start changing one gearbox
and not the other
so then one gear running fifth let's say
and the other in fourth just critically
pulls back evening
let's see you again
see to get accepted
I'm getting the
you really can see that this car is
instantly quick
fascinating to see what the actual lap
times are gonna be at the end
okay now from this angle you can see if
the car is not running any rear glass
now Matt has run the car with
lightweight perspex annals in place but
today is preferred to maximise cooling
efficiency as with the lack of any front
grille does tend to give the car
slightly unfinished look but that's
perhaps not the priority here
you
forget what this is and fully road-legal
he wouldn't believe it
but it is registered text MOT and on the
road
this really is the most extraordinary
car we've got I've got in some really
clean fast laps with this machine I'm
sure it's just a question of whether
Eaton have kept it neat and tidy and
delivered the lap time that he really
wants
Wow that's fantastic Gordon Bennett bill
I've never seen anything like it
the her face was fairly absolutely
astonishing is just phenomenal machine
and it really looked like it very very
quick and quick 3/4 - yeah yeah I mean
it I think that's as much as anything
was remarkable okay zette cars fit -
bike engines in the back of it we
shouldn't be surprised by the fact that
they've made it into a machine that
works and handles and he's drivable and
he's not scary he's he's just fabulous
that is remarkable you've got two
engines of course behind you do you
think there's a sort of weight issue or
anything there no no he's the cars got
plenty of movement there's a lot of
suspension movement being engineered
into it and that means that it moves I
think he's taking account of the moon
wait in the car and yeah you can feel
what it's doing so I feel happy with it
Frank just works and I'm testing
all right well throughout this you've
had the option to change one thing so
well I could starve about the creature
confidence yeah but I'm just going to
change the frequency with which I Drive
on a daily dose or affair okay the good
therapy it's just yeah every day once
that once a day will be great fantastic
well that's us done magic